Changelog 183 (#168)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2022-11-21-changelog-183.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #183"
date: 2022-11-21 13:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

> * [#9694] Enable [derive](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#derive-macros) procedural macro expansion in [nightly plugin builds](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-quick-start.html#install-nightly).

Reviewer: Let's move it to the end of section since it's more technical change not fully related to stable release

          To turn it off, disable `org.rust.macros.proc.derive` [experimental feature](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-faq.html#experimental-features)

> * [#9641], [#9699] Support [Intention and quick-fixes preview](https://blog.jetbrains.com/idea/2022/09/intellij-idea-2022-3-eap/#Intention_action_preview_enabled_by_default) in 2022.3

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that not all intention/quick-fixes have a preview at this moment and add a link to [meta](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/9561) issue?

    TODO: gif

* [#7353] Support [intra-doc links](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/write-documentation/linking-to-items-by-name.html). Please note that currently we support links in format `[text](link)`, but not `[link]`

    TODO: gif

* [#9649] Enable native Rust support in [MSVC LLDB](https://blog.jetbrains.com/clion/2019/06/clion-2019-2-eap-msvc-debugger-unused-includes-check-and-more/#msvc_debug) in 2022.3 IDE builds on Windows. Currently, the most visible improvement of the native support is the proper displaying of Rust primitive type names, such as `u64` instead of `unsigned long long`

    | Before | After |
    |-|-|
    | ![image](/assets/posts/changelog-183/msvc-lldb-before.png) | ![image](/assets/posts/changelog-183/msvc-lldb-after.png) |

* [#8958] Provide support for proper build script evaluation and procedural macro expansion on Windows and Linux with arm64 CPU

> * [#9350] Support renaming derive procedural macros

Reviewer: We usually add link to refactoring action, its shortcut and link to documents when mention any refactoring

## Fixes

> * [#9698] Use qualified type if the name is already imported in `Specify type explicitly` intention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9698] `Specify type explicitly` intention now uses fully qualified name when the same name is already in scope
```

    TODO: gif

* Completion improvements
  * [#9658] Show completion autopopup when typing in a recursive macro call

  * [#9714] Fix type inference of const arguments in a path qualifier type arguments

  * [#9708] Fix completion in a function-like macro call body

* [#9695] Properly load stdlib metadata with [custom build target](https://docs.rust-embedded.org/embedonomicon/custom-target.html)

* [#9689] Fallback to hardcoded stdlib structure if fetching of stdlib structure failed for some reason

* [#9633] Fix `clippy` if the run configuration doesn't contain `Build Before Launch` task

> * [#9602] In configuration editor, show notification about incompatibility between Run targets and WSL toolchains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9602] Show error about incompatibility between Run targets and WSL toolchains in Run/Debug configuration editor
```

* [#9585] Fix `Add unambiguous imports on the fly` option for 2022.3

> * [#9525] Substitute `Self` in [`Inline function`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8182-rust/docs/rust-refactorings.html#extractmethod-refactoring) refactoring

Reviewer: path to action and shortcut?

* [#9470] Improve completion when the caret is placed in the middle of an identifier

> * [#9515] Add trailing comma if needed in `Add missing fields` quick fix (by [@t-kameyama])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#9515] Add trailing comma if needed by `Add missing fields` quick fix (by [@t-kameyama])
```

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #183"
date: 2022-11-21 13:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

* [#9641], [#9699] Support [Intention and quick-fixes preview](https://blog.jetbrains.com/idea/2022/09/intellij-idea-2022-3-eap/#Intention_action_preview_enabled_by_default) in 2022.3.

>                    Note, not all intention/quick-fixes have a preview at this moment. See the corresponding [issue](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/9561) for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   Note, not all intentions and quick-fixes have a preview at this moment. See the corresponding [issue](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/9561) for more details
```

Reviewer: nit: suspicious indent

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-183/intention_preview" w="700px" %}

> * [#7353] Support completion and navigation for [intra-doc links](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/write-documentation/linking-to-items-by-name.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#7353] Support code insigh features (like completion, navigation, find usages, rename, etc.) for [intra-doc links](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/write-documentation/linking-to-items-by-name.html).
```
